I'm here tonight because I'm already
time to meet your beautiful daughter
noelia and the truth because I never
I had felt something like this for someone else
my purpose tonight is that you
give me the entrance to be opened
doors of your home so that I
can court in the most
Respectful to her beautiful daughter
is not that
I'm asking you for the entrance daddy
but daddy you see a very boy
good person
is that it looks like a good medium for nothing
there is thank you thank you
and
Goodnight
javi how was it
although you did not tell him the speech that you
prepare and I do not know what very nice but
that you're not going to give up that easy
no no no not at this moment you
return to the room and ask them all
how many times is it necessary for
you are already together
don rolando dona maría I come very
decided and I the truth is that I 'm not going to
accept a no for an answer
It would not be our little princess
and the man who wants to go out with her
Well, he's going to have to have three
essential characteristics
what is what is what it has to be
honest with this in this I always
I would say it never has to be a
family man I'm not the first
that can pregnancy and has to have
money
I'm coming
final this is over 5 fit silver my love
but you are rich rich in culture you are going
to say you did not tell them about your
theater and postgraduate studies
philology that you have to put into
no force javi call me
then go back there and do whatever
necessary to get the entry
it varies
Daddy goes or stays and the
doctor hernandez this is the last the
last no longer he told me how he
you met as you as a
the 17 years are madly in love
don rolando you went to europe and
wore
the photo with would call in his chest and the
He gave her a kiss and a flower '
I love you a caress
from lula they brought us light luggage
to the long trip
that's from a song at such a point is
that I want you to see that I
for noel and I do whatever it is
you have convinced us it is okay you
can leave with noelia
but you have to order yourself a little bit is not
until the other year but we have very
little time javier by the way already
split the engagement ring I can
recommend and my jeweler you sell se
pronounced wants to take it too
scope to push it away but also
You have to start thinking about a loan for
the house where it gives us very well price
40 years term
the sushi house has that is emigrant
because I always dream to have five and
these are
in this band the pressure commented that
this house for a medication and now
I come as
thats weird
but
no no